📝 Document SonarQube Integration (#25)
pixee/upload-tool-results-action: README.md

GitHub Action for upload code scanning results to [Pixeebot](https://pixee.ai/)
so it can fix the issues they found.

## For SonarCloud Users

For SonarCloud integration, the `pixee/upload-tool-results-action` must be

> configured to execute when the SonarCloud GitHub App completes a check. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured to execute only after the SonarCloud GitHub App completes a check. The
```

`sonar-pixeebot.yml` example workflow includes the requisite configuration and
is generic enough to apply to most repositories without modification.

1. Copy the
   [example sonarcloud-pixeebot.yml](./examples/sonarcloud-pixeebot.yml)
   workflow to the repository's `.github/workflows` directory.
1. Set the `SONAR_TOKEN` secret. Create a SonarCloud token at
   [https://sonarcloud.io/account/security](https://sonarcloud.io/account/security).
   See
   [Using secrets in GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions).

## For SonarQube Users

For SonarQube integration, the `pixee/upload-tool-results-action` must be

> configured to execute after the SonarQube has completed its analysis. In a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured to execute after SonarQube has completed its analysis. In a
```

typical GitHub Action workflow that includes SonarQube, the step that performs
the SonarQube analysis will be followed by a step that applies the SonarQube

> Quality Gate; the `pixee/upload-tool-results-action` should follow the SonarQube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quality Gate. The `pixee/upload-tool-results-action` should follow the SonarQube
```

Gate. The workflow should be configured to run the

> `pixee/upload-tool-results-action` step, regardless of the outcome of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pixee/upload-tool-results-action` step regardless of the outcome of the
```
Sorry one very last tiny nitpick.

quality gate, so that Pixeebot may fix the issues preventing the quality gate
from passing.

The `pixee/upload-tool-results-action` requires a SonarQube _user token_ token

> that is permitted to read Security Hotspots. Recommend providing this token as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which enables it to read Security Hotspots. We recommend providing this token as a
```

Author: Instead of the first person, I'm going to commit to the second person "you should configure".

> new secret `PIXEE_SONAR_TOKEN`. Typically, the `SONAR_TOKEN` secret in a GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new secret `PIXEE_SONAR_TOKEN` in order to prevent conflict with any preexisting `SONAR_TOKEN`. Typically, the `SONAR_TOKEN` secret in a GitHub
```

Actions workflow is a _project analysis token_. A _project analysis token_ does
not have the requisite permissions to read security hotspots. The

> `pixee/upload-tool-results-action

Reviewer: Seems like a trailing sentence?

```yaml
- name: SonarQube Quality Gate Check
  uses: sonarsource/sonarqube-quality-gate-action@master
  env:
    SONAR_HOST_URL: ${{ vars.SONAR_HOST_URL }}
    SONAR_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.SONAR_TOKEN }}

- name: Upload SonarQube Results to Pixeebot
  uses: pixee/upload-tool-results-action@v1
  if: always() && steps.sonarqube-analysis.outcome == 'success'
  with:
    tool: sonar
    sonar-api-url: ${{ vars.SONAR_HOST_URL }}/api
    sonar-token: ${{ secrets.PIXEE_SONAR_TOKEN }}
    sonar-component-key: "<insert-my-sonar-project-key>"
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
> [!NOTE]
> SonarQube Community Edition lacks the features necessary for Pixee's PR
> experience.

### Complete Examples

> The following are complete SonarQube examples of workflows that send SonarQube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are examples of complete workflows that send SonarQube
```

results from the default branch to Pixee for inclusion in Pixeebot's next
_continuous improvement campaign_ analysis.

- [Java (Maven)](./examples/sonarqube-pixeebot-maven.yml)
- [Python](./examples/sonarqube-python.yml)

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
> [!TIP]
> The continuous improvement campaign reguarly sends fixes for the project's
> default branch. To request that Pixeebot continuous improvement campaign send
> fixes to the default branch immediately, add a comment with the contents
> "@pixeebot next" to any PR or issue in the repository.

## Permissions

All workflows using this action must include the `id-token: write` permission.

```yaml
permissions:
  contents: read
  id-token: write
```

> The action uses this permission to create a GitHub token that the action uses to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action uses this permission to create a GitHub token to
```
